Added info on block time and timeout settings for IBFT 2.0 (#1041)
PegaSysEng/pantheon: docs/Consensus-Protocols/IBFT.md

To start a node on an IBFT 2.0 private network, use the [`--genesis-file`](../Reference/Pantheon-CLI-Syntax.md#genesis-file`) option to specify the custom genesis file. 

### Extra Data 

The `extraData` property is RLP encoded. RLP encoding is a space efficient object serialization scheme 
used in Ethereum. Use the Pantheon subcommand [`rlp encode`](../Reference/Pantheon-CLI-Syntax.md#rlp) 
to generate the `extraData` RLP string to include in the genesis file. 

!!! example                                        
    ```bash

>     pantheon rlp encode --from=toEncode.json --to=rlpEncodedExtraData

Reviewer: you can also omit the --to option and simply have it displayed on the console, simpler to copy from the console as anyway you copy the value from the file in the next step.

Author: Fixed

    ```    

Where the `toEncode.json` file contains a list of the initial validators in ascending order. 

!!! example "One Initial Validator"
    ```json
    [
     "9811ebc35d7b06b3fa8dc5809a1f9c52751e1deb"
    ]
    ``` 

Copy the RLP encoded data from the `rlpEncodedExtraData` file to the `extraData` in the genesis file. 

### Block Time 

> When a block is received, the block time and timeout timers are started. When `blockperiodseconds` is reached, 

Reviewer: for me it's not clear what reaches `blockperiodseconds`. I guess it's block time timer but it's not obvious. Same for `requesttimeoutseconds` even if given the name it probably links to the timeout timer.

Author: Fixed

> When a block is received, the block time and timeout timers are started. When `blockperiodseconds` is reached, 

Reviewer 2: Maybe "When a new chain head is received"?

Author: Fixed

> When a block is received, the block time and timeout timers are started. When `blockperiodseconds` is reached, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a block is received, the block time and round timeout timers are started. When `blockperiodseconds` is reached, 
```

a new block is proposed. Generally, the proposed block is added before reaching `requesttimeoutseconds`. A new 
round is then started, and the block time and timeout timers are reset. When `blockperiodseconds` is reached, the next 
new block is proposed. 

> If `requesttimeoutseconds` is reached before the proposed block is added, a round change occurs, and the block time and 

Reviewer 2: This sentence need to appear before the above "..Generally, the proposed block ...."

timeout timers are reset. The timeout period for the new round is 2 X `requesttimeoutseconds`. The timeout period continues 
to double each time a round fails to add a block. 

The time from proposing a block to the block being added is small (around 1s) even in networks
with geographically dispersed validators. Setting `blockperiodseconds` to your desired block time and `requesttimeoutseconds`

> to 2 X `blockperiodseconds` generally results in blocks being added every `blockperiodseconds`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to two times the `blockperiodseconds` generally results in blocks being added every `blockperiodseconds`. 
```

Author: Fixed

!!! example 
    An internal PegaSys IBFT 2.0 testnet has 4 geographically dispersed validators in Sweden, 

>     Sydney, and North Viringia (2). With a `blockperiodseconds`of 5 and a `requesttimeoutseconds` of 10

Author: Fixed
